{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14760\viewh11580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The current dataset includes the fMRI data from 57 participants who watched the SixthSense movie and recalled the movie scenes (both parts were scanned). There were 3 conditions. One groups watched the movie that was spoiled at the beginning and participants learned about the twist before watching the movie (\'93spoiled group\'94, condition = 1 in subj_info.txt fie). The second group watched the movie and the twist came at the end of the movie (\'93twist group\'94, condition = 2 in subj_info.txt fie). The third group watched the movie but did not watch the twist at the end of the movie and did the recall naive to the twist (\'93no twist group\'94, condition = 3 in subj_info.txt fie).\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 For more information about the study, see: https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.09.28.462068v3\
\
Events files show when stimulus (each event) begins relative to the beginning of the scan file. In 6 participants the recall was paused and resumed. In these participants each recall file is linked to one section of the recall and has its own event file. Note the order of the files in subj_info.txt fie (recall part 1, part 2, etc). Scans were stopped manually and so each file has different TR size. This does not affect the analysis. TR numbers of each functional file is included in its file name. \
\
scene_info.txt includes some information about the content of each scene. For the definition of \'93critical scenes\'94, please see the paper. 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}